Clarify OIDC = OpenID Connect (#433)
18F/identity-dev-docs: _pages/oidc/getting-started.md

---
title: OpenID Connect
lead: >

>    [OpenID Connect](http://openid.net){:class="usa-link--external"} (OIDC) is a simple identity layer built on top of the OAuth 2.0 protocol. Login.gov supports [version 1.0](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html){:class="usa-link--external"} of the specification and conforms to the [iGov Profile](https://openid.net/wg/igov){:class="usa-link--external"}.

Reviewer: If you want this update to show up in all of the OIDC pages in the sidebar, you will need to update the lead in those pages (such as oidc/certifiactes and oidc/authorization) as well.

Reviewer: Never mind, I think you got them all except for /certificates I think might be missing

Author: Thank you!

You are able to test authentication methods in real time with a testing account in our sandbox environment. To start, navigate to the [Login Partner Dashboard Sandbox](https://dashboard.int.identitysandbox.gov) and follow the steps below:

- Select the “Sign-in” button to create a new account. Anyone with a .gov or .mil email address may request an account. 
- Create a new team - see [Testing](https://developers.login.gov/testing/) page for instructions.
-  Create a certificate - before creating your application you'll need to create a certificate that will be used to sign your requests. You can create a certificate using openssl. The example command to create the certificate from your terminal is:
    - `openssl req -nodes -x509 -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -keyout private.pem -out public.crt`
- Create an application, at which point you will need to decide between private_key_jwt or PKCE.

It is important to note that your Login.gov production account and your Login.gov sandbox account are two separate accounts.

### Auto-discovery

> Consistent with the specification, Login.gov provides a JSON endpoint for OIDC auto-discovery at 

Reviewer 2: Personally I feel like this was clearer with the full name?
```suggestion
Consistent with the specification, Login.gov provides a JSON endpoint for OpenID Connect auto-discovery at 
```

Author: Formatting rules say always use the abbreviation after spelling it out but I think in this case clarity is more important than formatting so yes. I agree.
